hi welcome to still day customs product
review today we're going to do a review
on a hard tail section for sports the
bill we have going Jinxy here we got
this a cartel section from TC brothers
choppers we got this online for three
hundred seventy four dollars and we met
these guys a few weeks back at the
barber a motorcycle festival in Alabama
great guys good product a doing very
good job for the motorcycle scene so we
won't do a review on their hard tail and
one thing just by taking out a package
and looking at it you see they just did
a great job with great whales a great
fabrication work they we really liked
about it so far is where it slices
together with the other frame you can
see right here it's going to be that's
gonna be hidden by the tank did here on
the bottom were slices together you can
see that it be hidden by the motor even
though you have good welds it would be
nice not to see that's where the seams
are so it's a very good job on that
so our next step is a we're going to
take it we're going to cut the old frame
when you do some pre marking it came
with instructions of you know hot 40
measure you know where to cut very
detailed for the same whole time
went ahead and mark everything off so
I'm gonna do is just a cut it so I'm
gonna go ahead and cut the frame
Oh peace off so now what we're going to
do is uh we do have the frame cutting
tip we're going to take our bride you're
just grun some of the paint off right
here with a welder go together that way
when it welds up to be a nice clean well
required to drill to a foam grip they're
5/16 and 3/8 so I've already did I
started the smaller holes and I'm going
to do it the bigger bit okay so
everything the frame is pret should be
able to slide it together now if the
whole drill get the paint someone say I
like to use for this also so make sure
it stays in place what I'm going to use
is
- about clothes I'll put about 1/4
measure it needs to be done 1a I got
pretty close man should ok to wrestle
this ham ok
it's about 1/8 of an inch gap should be
good for welding mostly these straps on
to hold in place and next thing is I'll
just check make sure they square on the
box make sure it's going to line up
cream all right so we did now have the
tell sections already welded up ready to
go the final review of it we really do
like the product from TC Bros choppers
it's a very well fabricated very
straight easy to put together definitely
a project a person can do their self
would use very few tools I said there's
a list price of this is 374 and you can
get it from TC Bros choppers calm thank
you for watching our video if you liked
the video the product review please like
the video and go to our social media on
Facebook Instagram Twitter you know
follow us there a lot of questions that
we do get or asking about these type of
products that we're using on our builds
and how easy are they put together and
what would we recommend them so what we
will do a few of these videos throughout
the year just to help people see what
we're putting together so if you liked
it be sure to go on and give us a like
you give us feedback and if you don't
like it hey it's free you're out you're
out nothing but a few minutes your time